SWT

Which of the following statements are TRUE for Technical Review?
I. Reviewers should be technical peers of the author, and technical experts in the same or other
II. Review meeting is typically led by the author
III. Purposes gaining consensus, detecting potential defects
IV. Scribe is mandatory
V. Individual preparation before the review meeting is optional
A. I, II and III
B. II, III and IV
C. I, III and IV
D. II and V

When would exploratory testing be most beneficial during a testing cycle?
A. After receiving comprehensive training in the application.
B. When detailed error logs from previous tests are available.
C. When testing needs to be dynamic and adapt to new findings.
D. Only in conjunction with user acceptance testing.

When utilizing error guessing as your testing strategy, what specific type of testing are you performing?
A. Specification-based
B. Structure-based
C. Experience-based
D. Reference-based

Which technique uses different combinations of inputs to result in different actions being taken?
A. Error guessing
B. Decision table testing
C. Boundary value analysis
D. Equivalence partitioning

Which the best thing about the regression test?
A. Regression test is only run once.
B. Regression test will always be automated
C. Regression test will check unchanged areas of the software to see if they have been affected
D. Regression test will check changed areas of the software to see if they have been affected.

Considering the code provided, which is true about the minimal quantity of test cases necessary for complete
statement and branch/decision coverage?
Read A
Read B
IF A+B > 50 THEN
Print "Sum two age"
ENDIF
IF B > 20 THEN
Print "B is of adult age"
ENDIF
A. 1 test for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage
B. 1 test for statement coverage, 1 for branch coverage
C. 1 test for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
D. 2 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage

Boundary Value Analysis is an extension of which technique?
A. State Transition Testing
B. Equivalence Partitioning
C. Decision Table Testing
D. Use Case Testing

What is the key focus of state transition testing?
A. The changes in state within an application based on varying input conditions
B. The visual aspects of the user interface
C. The stability of application under peak load
D. The compatibility of the software with various operating systems

What essential skill does exploratory testing require from a tester?
A. Ability to strictly adhere to test scripts
B. Specialization in performance and stress testing
C. Proficiency in programming and automated tools
D. Capacity to plan and execute tests simultaneously

In error guessing, what is the tester primarily relying on to identify potential defects?
A. Formal specifications and requirements
B. Randomly generated test cases
C. Their own experience, intuition, and domain knowledge
D. The feedback from automated testing tools

Which of the following are common entry criteria for testing? (Choose 2 correct answers)
A. Availability of test environment
B. Completion of all test cases
C. Approval from the project manager
D. Availability of necessary resources

Which statement best reflects the role of a test leader compared to a tester?
A. A test leader focuses on test execution while testers focus on test planning
B. Test leaders and testers perform exactly the same roles within a project
C. A test leader manages the testing process while testers focus on test execution
D. Testers manage the project while test leaders provide technical support

What is the final step in the incident management process?
A. Logging the incident
B. Reviewing the incident with stakeholders
C. Closing the incident report
D. Assigning the incident to a developer

What should the severity of a defect indicate?
A. The tester's skill level
B. The impact of the defect on the system
C. The cost of the software
D. The timeline of the project

Why are test strategies important in the planning phase?
A. They determine the programming languages used in development
B. They provide a roadmap for design and architectural decisions
C. They outline the approach, techniques, and priorities for the testing efforts
D. They specify the user interface design and experience

What is the function of a monitoring tool in the context of testing?
A. To keep track of the status of the system during use
B. To measure the software's response times
C. To automate the generation of test cases
D. To manage the testing activities and resources

What is the goal of a risk assessment in software testing?
A. To identify, analyze, and priorize risks
B. To establish a communication plan
C. To define software functionalities
D. To assign tasks to the development team

Which tool supports the review process during static testing?
A. Support reviews tool
B. Model-based testing tool
C. Test management tool
D. Defect management tool

Why is it important to prioritize incidents?
A. To ensure that minor defects are fixed first
B. To focus resources on resolving the most critical defects first
C. To complicate the development process
D. To increase the number of incidents

Which of the following is not a benefit of testing tools?
A. Easy to implement and maintain
B. Reduce of repetitive work
C. Ability to detect tiny changes that a human could not
D. It produces more consistent result.

What information is typically included in the summary section of an incident report? (Choose 2 correct answers)
A. Personal opinions of the tester.
B. Test progress metrics.
C. Incident description and impact.
D. Steps to reproduce the issue.

What is an advantage of using data-driven scripts in test automation?
A. They do not require external data
B. They separate test data from scripts, enhancing flexibility
C. They are simpler to maintain than linear scripts
D. They eliminate the need for scripting knowledge

Who is responsible for testing in Agile methodology?
A. The developers
B. The testers
C. The whole team
D. The product owner

What are the success factors for implementing a new test tool? (Select all that apply)
A. Providing ongoing training
B. Adapting processes to fit the tool
C. Immediate organization-wide rollout
D. Continuous monitoring of tool benefits

Which tool would be most appropriate for testing the load capacity of a server?
A. Test management tool
B. Incident management tool
C. Load testing tool
D. Configuration management tool

What is an example that is NOT risk?
A. Member takes 3 days off sick, delays deadline.
B. In the team, there is a member who has developed a library, helping to improve work performance.
C. Member lacks technical skills.
D. The assignment schedule must exclude days off and holidays.
E. Whenever we cross the road, there is some risk that we'll be injured by a car.

How does early testing benefit the software development process?
A. By delaying defect detection until after release
B. By identifying defects only at the final stages
C. By finding defects early when they are cheaper to fix
D. By increasing the overall cost of testing

What should be a key outcome of the evaluating exit criteria and reporting phase?
A. Decisions regarding the continuation or stoppage of testing
B. Finalizing the software release without further review
C. Planning for the next development cycle
D. Developing new test tools and methods

What is the most effective way to use testing to improve quality?
A. By focusing on areas of the software most likely to have defects
B. By performing minimal testing on all features
C. By only testing the new features of the software
D. By outsourcing testing to reduce costs

What is the primary benefit of understanding the psychological factors in testing?
A. It allows for complete automation of the testing process.
B. It enhances the interaction and effectiveness of the testing team.
C. It eliminates the need for quality assurance.
D. It simplifies compliance with software standards.

Which approach helps in maintaining good relationships between testers and developers?
A. Minimizing interaction between testers and developers
B. Encouraging competition on defect findings
C. Providing constructive feedback on defects
D. Focusing solely on automated tests

Why is the test environment set-up included in test implementation?
A. It is only relevant during test case design
B. It is part of the test closure activities
C. It is used for developing test cases
D. The environment needs to be ready for executing test cases

What is the 'Pesticide Paradox' in testing?
A. Testing all combinations is impossible.
B. Same tests over time detect fewer issues
C. Testing must be exhaustive to find all bugs.
D. Defects tend to cluster in specific modules.


Find the explanation of "Exhaustive testing is impossible":
A. Testing everything (all combinations of inputs and preconditions) is not feasible except for trivial cases. Instead of exhaustive testing, we use risks and priorities to focus testing efforts.
B. Math formulas for reports that the software will automatically generate.
C. Is to execute the same test scenario multiple times to ensure that the previous test did not miss any errors.
D. Testing can show that defects are present, but cannot prove that there are no defects. Testing reduces the probability of undiscovered defects remaining in the software but, even if no defects are found, it is not a proof of correctness.

Find the explanation of "Early testing":
A. Testing activities should start as early as possible in the software or system development life cycle and should be focused on defined objectives.
B. Testing can show that detects are present, but cannot prove that there are no defects. Testing reduces the probability of undiscovered defects remaining in the software but, even if no defects are found, it is not a proof of correctness.
C. Finding and fixing defects does not help if the system built is unusable and does not fulfill the users' needs and expectations.
D. Testing is done differently in different contexts. For example, safety-critical software is tested differently from an e-commerce site.

Fill in the blank: Confirmation testing___
A. Execute the test again to confirm that the defect has indeed been fixed
B. Execute tests with the intent of checking that the system does not now have more defects in it as a resultof some change
C. Verify that modifications in the software or the environment have not caused unintended adverse side effects and that the system still meets its requirements
D. Validate the expected results.

What is the role of regression testing in maintenance testing?
A. To ensure that new features disrupt existing functionalities.
B. To verify that bug fixes and enhancements do not introduce new defects into existing functionalities.
C. To check the functionality of new hardware only.
D. To focus testing solely on new features.

Why is impact analysis important in maintenance testing?
A. It determines the effect of a new marketing campaign
B. It is used to decide the new features to be added to the system
C. It assesses how changes might affect the existing system components
D. It helps in redesigning the software interface

What does change-related testing include?
A. Performance and stress testing
B. Confirmation and regression testing
C. Usability and compliance testing
D. Security and reliability testing

What is the primary objective of functional testing?
A. To assess the system's non-functional characteristics like performance.
B. To verify that the software functions according to the specified requirements.
C. To evaluate the system's capacity to handle high loads.
D. To check the internal code structure of the software.

A____ consists of a set of test cases covering the end-to-end functionality of a software application
A. Test Case
B. Test scenario
C. Test scripts
D. None of the mentioned

Which test level focuses on individual units or components?
A. System testing
B. Integration testing
C. Unit testing
D. Acceptance testing

How does usability testing differ from performance testing?
A. Usability testing focuses on user-friendliness, while performance testing measures operational capabilities.
B. Usability testing measures how fast the system responds to requests, while performance testing checks or user-friendliness.
C. They do not differ, both terms describe the same tests.
D. Usability testing is a type of performance testing.

What is Integration testing?
A. It tests interfaces between components, interactions to different parts of a system such as an operating system, file system and hardware or interfaces between systems.
B. It is unit, module and program testing, searches for defects in, and verifies the functioning of software that are separately testable.
C. It is concerned with the behavior of the whole system/product as defined by the scope of a development project or product
D. The system will be delivered to the user or customer for testing.

Which test level verifies the application meets business requirements?
A. Unit testing
B. System testing
C. Integration testing
D. Acceptance testing

What is the purpose of a walkthrough?
A. To finalize the document under review
B. To educate participants and gather feedback
C. To detect critical defects
D. To automate review processes

Which of the following is NOT a benefit of static testing in software development?
A. Improving communication between team members in the course of participating in reviews
B. Reducing testing cost and time
C. Reducing development cost and time
D. Reducing the need for documentation

Which of the following options are roles in a formal review?
A. Developer, Moderator, Review leader, Reviewer, Tester
B. Author, Moderator, Manager, Reviewer, Developer
C. Author, Manager, Review leader, Reviewer, Designer
D. Author, Moderator, Review leader, Reviewer, Scribe

Which static testing technique analyzes code without executing it?
A. Error guessing
B. Equivalence partitioning
C. Code review
D. Decision table testing

Reviews, walkthroughs, and inspections are part of___
A. Design process
B. Validation process
C. Verification process
D. Management process

Which of the following sequences BEST shows the main activities of the work product review process?
A. Initiate review - Reviewer selection - Individual review - Issue communication and analysis - Rework
B. Planning & preparation - Overview meeting - Individual review - Foxing and Reporting
C. Preparation - Issue detection - Issue communication and analysis - Rework -Report
D. Planning - Initiate review - Individual review - Issue communication and analysis - Fixing and Reporting

What is the main goal of static testing?
A. To execute the software and identify defects
B. To review documents and source code without executing the software
C. To test the software with a focus on its user interface
D. To validate the software's performance under stress

A typical formal review process consists of five main steps. Which is the correct order?
A. Planning - Individual review - Initiate review -> Issue communication & Analysis -> Fixing & Reporting
B. Planning -> Initiate review -> Individual review -> Issue communication & Analysis -> Fixing & Reporting
C. Initiate review -> Planning -> Individual review -> Issue communication & Analysis -> Fixing & Reporting
D. Planning -> Issue communication & Analysis -> Initiate review -> Individual review -> Fixing & Reporting

Which of the following is a benefit of performing reviews in the software development process?
A. Decreasing the amount of documentation required
B. Eliminating the need for testing the software
C. Identifying defects early and thereby reducing rework costs
D. Extending the software development lifecycle

Design a test case using Equivalence Partitioning for a function that calculates discounts based on Customer
age: (Select all that apply)
A. 1-12 years: 50% discount
B. 13-64 years: 20% discount
C. 65 years and above: 30% discount
D. None of the others

What factor influences the structure of a test organization within a project?
A. The personal preferences of the test team
B. The social dynamics of the development team
C. The risk level and complexity of the project
D. The geographical location of the company

What is the significance of defining scope in a test plan?
A. It outlines the geographical areas where the product will be sold
B. It determines who the end-users will be
C. It clarifies what is included and excluded from testing
D. It sets the price points for various market segments

In a software project, what is the purpose of test closure activities?
A. To plan the next phases of the project.
B. To ensure all test cases are automated for future use.
C. To analyze what was done and what could be improved for future projects.
D. To ensure that the software does not have any remaining defects.


Which of the following best describes the role of a test manager?
A. Direct involvement in software programming
B. Management of the testing process and resources
C. Exclusive focus on software design
D. Handling customer support and feedback

Which tool is specifically designed to support the creation of test cases?
A. Test design tool
B. Test execution tool
C. Static analysis tool
D. Test management tool

When we test or review a product, what are we looking for?
A. We are looking for errors and fixing them.
B. We are looking for defects in the product and thus are critical of it.
C. We are looking for different between the system and the requirement.
D. We are looking for the mistakes of the requirement.

What does the term 'failure' mean in the context of testing?
A. A mistake made by a developer.
B. A defect in the software that is found during testing.
C. An incorrect behavior of the system in operation.
D. A missed requirement during design.

Independent testing - who is a tester?
A. Tests by the person who wrote the item under test.
B. Tests by a person from a different organizational group, such as an independent test team.
C. Tests by another person within the same team, such as another programmer.
D. Tests by the person who wrote the source code.

What is the significance of context in testing according to the principles?
A. It is irrelevant since all testing follows the same standard.
B. It is critical as testing approaches should vary based on the specific context
C. It suggests that testing should always follow the same international standards.
D. Context is only important in large, complex systems.

Find the explanation of "Testing shows presence of defects":
A. Testing can show that defects are present, but cannot prove that there are no defects. Testing reduces the probability of undiscovered defects remaining in the software but, even if no defects are found, it is not a proof of correctness.
B. Testing activities should start as early as possible in the software or system development life cycle and should be focused on defined objectives
C. Finding and fixing defects does not help if the system built is unusable and does not fulfill the users' needs and expectations.
D. Testing is done differently in different contexts. For example, safety-critical software is tested differently from an e-commerce site.

What types of defects are typically found more effectively during static testing than dynamic testing?
A. Performance-related defects
B. Defects in user interface design
C. Missing requirements or design defects
D. Runtime errors and exceptions

What is a key reason that software testing is necessary?
A. To increase software complexity
B. To identify defects in software
C. To reduce software features
D. To speed up software development

How much testing is enough?
A. Exhaustive testing is possible.
B. Testing everything (all combinations of inputs and preconditions).
C. We use risks and priorities to focus testing efforts.
D. Full testing.

What is an effect of poor communication between testers and developers?
A. It enhances the efficiency of the development and testing processes.
B. It may lead to misunderstandings and reduced software quality.
C. It improves the independence of the testing function.
D. It has no effect as long as testing is done independently.

Which alhat apwing strategies can help minimize psychological conflict between testers and developers?
A. Fostering mutual respect between roles.
B. Ensuring clear objectives for testing.
C. Feedback belittles the coder with errors found.
D. Encouraging collaboration on defect resolution.

What should integration testing primarily focus on?
A. Testing the database and data processing
B. Ensuring that software modules work together
C. Checking that the system is ready for live deployment
D. Evaluating user satisfaction with the product

How does stress testing differ from load testing?
A. Stress testing examines system performance under peak loads, while load testing focuses on typical conditions
B. Stress testing is concerned with usability under stress, while load testing measures performance thresholds
C. Stress testing evaluates system behavior beyond normal operational capacity, while load testing verifies normal usage conditions

What is the main advantage of using the V-model in software development?
A. It eliminates the need for testing.
B. It integrates testing throughout the development phases.
C. It is less costly and time-consuming compared to other models.
D. It focuses on post-development testing only.

What is the purpose of unit testing in software development?
A. To test the entire system as a whole
B. To test individual units or components in isolation
C. To validate the software against user requirements
D. To perform performance testing

What is a characteristic of non-functional testing?
A. It is always performed after functional testing.
B. It focuses on how well the system performs certain actions.
C. It is concerned solely with what the system does.
D. It does not include performance testing.

What is not test type?
A. Structural testing
B. Functional testing
C. Non-functional testing
D. Performance testing
E. Change-related testing

What is the role of performance testing in system testing?
A. To verify that the system behaves correctly under load
B. To ensure that the system meets functional requirements
C. To check the accuracy of data processing
D. To confirm that the system is bug-free

What does the term "Big-bang model" imply about the approach to software development?
A. Detailed and extensive planning
B. Integration of all components at once without prior testing
C. Regular testing from the beginning of the project
D. User involvement is mandatory


What is the typical sequence of testing activities in the Waterfall model?
A. System testing, integration testing, acceptance testing
B. Acceptance testing, system testing, integration testing
C. Integration testing, system testing, acceptance testing
D. Component testing, system testing, integration testing

In which testing level would you test for defects in the interfaces and interaction between integrated components?
A. Component testing
B. Integration testing
C. System testing
D. Acceptance testing

What is dynamic testing?
A. Software work products are examined manually, or with a set of tools, but not executed.
B. Software is executed using a set of input values and its output is then examined and compared to what is expected.
C. Testing can start early in the life cycle, early feedback on quality issues can be established.
D. Testing can start early validation of user requirements and not just late in the life cycle during acceptance testing.

Why are rules and checklists used during inspections?
A. To reduce the time spent on discussions
B. To ensure consistency and thoroughness in defect identification
C. To allow participants to avoid preparation
D. To document defects for legal compliance

Which of the following is most likely to be performed by developers?
A. Technical review of a functional specification.
B. Walkthrough of a requirements document.
C. Informal review of a program specification.
D. Static analysis of a software model.

What is a primary difference between static and dynamic testing techniques?
A. Static testing involves executing the code, while dynamic does not
B. Static testing does not involve executing the code, while dynamic does
C. Static testing is only performed by developers, while dynamic is not
D. Static testing cannot find defects, while dynamic can

What types of defects are typically found more effectively during static testing than dynamic testing?
A. Performance-related defects
B. Defects in user interface design
C. Runtime errors and exceptions
D. Missing requirements or design defects

How do reviews support software quality assurance?
A. By focusing solely on end-user needs
B. By providing a way to check compliance with standards
C. By testing software functionality through execution
D. By replacing the need for project management

How do technical reviews differ from informal reviews?
A. Technical reviews are less structured and more ad-hoc
B. Technical reviews require the presence of software architects
C. Technical reviews are led by a trained moderator and follow a defined process
D. Informal reviews do not involve developers

Which of the following are the main activities of the work product review process?
1.Planning
2. Initiate review
3. Select reviewers
4. Invidual review
5.Review meeting
6.Evaluating review findings against exit criteria
7.Issue communication and analysis
8.Fixing and reporting
A. 1,2,4,7,8
B. 2,3,4,5,8
C. 1,2,3,5,7
D. 1,4,5,6,7

What is a key feature of static analysis tools?
A. Executing the code
B. Checking coding standards
C. Testing system performance
D. Automating user feedback

What is static testing?
A. Software work products are examined manually, or with a set of tools, but not executed.
B. Software is executed using a set of input values and its output is then examined and compared to what is expected.
C. Execution is applied as a technique to detect defects and to determine quality attributes of the code
D. Testing can start after dynamic testing.

What is the main purpose of specification-based testing techniques?
A. To evaluate the system's behavior from an external perspective
B. To assess the internal structure of the software
C. To improve the software design
D. To test the software without any formal requirements

Why is decision coverage important in white-box testing?
A. It measures the software's performance metrics
B. It verifies the compatibility of new code with existing systems
C. It focuses on the user interface aspects of the software
D. It guarantees that all branches in decision points are executed

Which scenario is ideal for using exploratory testing?
A. When there is limited time and no detailed specifications
B. When detailed specifications are available
C. When the software is fully stable
D. When testing under controlled and stable conditions

For the password field (8-12 alphanumeric characters), which of the following is a valid boundary value?
A. 7 characters
B. 8 characters
C. 13 characters
D. 10 characters

Which white box technique has the main goal of ensuring that each one of the possible branches from each decision point is executed at least once?
A. Basis path coverage testing
B. Statement coverage testing
C. Branch coverage testing
D. Condition coverage testing

Which type of test design technique is based on the tester's skills, intuition, and experience in testing?
A. Black-box testing
B. White-box testing
C. Experience-based testing
D. Specification-based testing

Given the following pseudo-code, which is true about the minimum number of test cases required for full
statement and branch coverage:
Read A
Read B
IF A-B > 50 THEN
Print "Sum A and B"
IF B > 10 THEN
Print "B is greater than 10"
ENDIF
ENDIF
A. 1 test case for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
B. 1 test case for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage
C. 2 test case for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage

What is the main purpose of use case testing?
A. To identify defects in process flows related to typical use of the system.
B. To identify defects in the connections between components.
C. To identify defects in the system related to extreme scenarios.
D. To identify defects in the system related to the use of unapproved programming practices.

Why is equivalence partitioning particularly effective in test case design?
A. It requires thorough knowledge of the interal structure of the system
B. It divides input data into valid and invalid partitions to simplify testing
C. It focuses solely on the output of the software
D. It is the best method for performance testing

Which of the following statement is true about the bug/defect report?
A. It is technical document written to describe the symptoms of a bug.
B. It is designed to prescribe the scope, approach, resources, and schedule of all testing activities.
C. It is a document that delivers a detailed summary of what scenarios will be tested in a software during the software testing life cycle (STLC)
D. It is used to confirm the function of the application when the code is executed.

What role is responsible for leading the test effort?
A. Test manager
B. Test designer
C. Test analyst
D. Tester

What is NOT a goal of incident management?
A. Fixing all defects regardless of their impact
B. Improving the quality of the software product
C. Reducing the risk of future defects
D. Ensuring stakeholder satisfaction with the product

Which of the following is a risk of test automation?
A. Using an automation tool that will not be supported in the future
B. Developing test automation for particularly tedious manual testing areas
C. Using technical testers to implement the automation
D. Developing automated reporting

How would you structure a test team for a project requiring specialized knowledge in both business processes and technical execution?
A. Assign only developers as testers
B. Use only external consultants
C. Focus on regression testing
D. Combine business experts with technical testers

Which of the following tasks is MOST LIKELY to be performed by the test manager?
A. Write test summary reports based on the information gathered during testing
B. Review tests developed by others
C. Create the detailed test execution schedule
D. Analyze, review, and assess requirements, specifications and models for testability

Which one of the following test tools is mostly suitable for developers rather than testers?
A. Requirement management tools
B. Configuration management tools
C. Defect management tools
D. Performance testing tools

Which element is critical in a test estimate?
A. The graphical design of the test documentation
B. The time and resources required to complete testing
C. The color scheme for the test report
D. The number of developers in the team

Which is a key benefit of risk-based testing?
A. It reduces the need for a test plan
B. It ensures all defects are identified and fixed
C. It optimizes test coverage by focusing on high-risk areas
D. It eliminates the need for regression testing

Which of the following is a benefit of effective incident management?
A. Increased software development time
B. Decreased software reliability
C. Improved customer satisfaction
D. Reduced software functionality

Which of the following statement is CORRECT about of decision coverage?
A. Decision coverage is a measure of the percentage of possible paths through the source code exercised by tests
B. Decision coverage is a measure of the percentage of business flows through the component exercised by tests
C. Decision coverage is a measure of the 'if statements in the code that are exercised with both the true and false outcomes
D. Decision coverage is a measure of the proportion of decision outcomes in the source code exercised by tests

Which one of the following is MOST likely to be a benefit of test execution tools?
A. It is easy to create regression tests
B. It is easy to maintain version control of test assets
C. It is easy to design tests for security testing
D. It is easy to run regression tests

What is NOT typically a feature of a test management tool?
A. Scheduling tests
B. Generating test data
C. Logging test results
D. Managing testing activities

Which metric would help monitor the progress of test execution?
A. Number of open defects compared to closed defects.
B. Number of passed requirements per code line
C. Project manager's confidence level
D. Test script reusability percentage

What is a key feature of a test execution tool?
A. Managing requirements traceability
B. Supporting static code analysis
C. Automatically running tests and recording results
D. Managing test incidents

What type of test tool would you use to ensure coding standards are met?
A. Test design tool
B. Test execution tool
C. Static analysis tool
D. Configuration management tool

Which of the following tools would you use for dynamic analysis? (Choose 2 correct answers)
A. Static analysis tools
B. Test management tools
C. Performance testing tools
D. Monitoring tools

What is a characteristic feature of a test harness?
A. Schedules tests
B. Supplies inputs to the software being tested
C. Manages software incidents
D. Analyzes software performance

What is an advantage of using data-driven scripts in test automation?
A. They do not require external data.
B. They separate test data from scripts, enhancing flexibility.
C. They are simpler to maintain than linear scripts.
D. They eliminate the need for scripting knowledge

___is the process of testing a single unit of code in an isolated manner and can be a method, a class,
or a module.
A. Integration Testing
B. Unit Testing
C. Acceptance Testing
D. System Testing

Which one is not comes under international standard: (choose one answer)
A. IEC
B. IEEE
C. ISO
D. All of the others

The purpose of exit criteria is: (choose one answer)
A. Define when to stop testing
B. End of test level
C. When a set of tests has achieved a specific pre condition
D. All of the others

Faults found by users are due to:
A. Insufficient time for testing
B. Poor software and poor testing
C. Bad luck


The cost of fixing a fault:
A. Is not important
B. Increases as we move the product towards live use
C. Decreases as we move the product towards live use
D. Is more expensive if found in requirements than functional design
E. Can never be determined

Exhaustive Testing is
A. Is impractical but possible
B. Is practically possible
C. Is impractical and impossible
D. Is always possible

Which is not true-The black box tester
A. Should be able to understand a functional specification or requirements document
B. Should be able to understand the source code.
C. Is highly motivated to find faults
D. Is creative to find the system's weaknesses

Defect Management process does not include
A. Defect prevention
B. Deliverable base-lining
C. Management reporting
D. None of the others

The goal of a software tester is to find bugs, find them as early as possible and make sure they get fixed.
A. True
B. False

As part of which test process do you determine the exit criteria?
A. Test planning.
B. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting.
C. Test closure.
D. Test control.

An incident logging system
A. Only records defects
B. Is of limited value
C. Is a valuable source of project information during testing if it contains all incidents
D. Should be used only by the test team.

A test design technique is
A. A process for selecting test cases
B. A process for determining expected outputs
C. A way to measure the quality of software
D. A way to measure in a test plan what has to be done

In which phase static tests are used
A. Requirements
B. Design
C. Coding
D. All of the others

We use the output of the requirement analysis, the requirement specification as the input for writing:
A. User Acceptance Test Cases
B. Integration Level Test Cases
C. Unit Level Test Cases
D. Program specifications

Software testing accounts to what percent of software development costs?
A. 10-20
B. 40-50
C. 70-80
D. 5-10

During which test activity could faults be found most cost effectively?
A. Execution
B. Design
C. Planning
D. Check Exit criteria completion

Testing activity which is performed to expose defects in the interfaces and in the interaction between integrated components is
A. System Level Testing
B. Integration Level Testing
C. Unit Level Testing
D. Component Testing

Which of the following is the task of a Tester?
i) Interaction with the Test Tool Vendor to identify best ways to leverage test tool on the project.
ii) Prepare and acquire Test Data
iii) Implement Tests on all test levels, execute and log the tests.
iv) Create the Test Specifications
A. i, ii, iii is true and iv is false
B. iii, iv is true and i is false
C. ii is true and i, iii, iv are false
D. iii and iv is correct and i and ii are incorrect

What is the normal order of activities in which software testing is organized?
A. Unit, integration, system, validation
B. System, integration, unit, validation
C. Unit, integration, validation, system
D. None of the above

Configuration and compatibility testing are typically good choices for outsourcing
A. True
B. False

To make a test case effective it is most important that:
A. It is easy to execute.
B. It is designed to detect faults if present.
C. The expected outcome is specified before execution.
D. It is unlikely to delay progress.

Typical defects discovered by static analysis includes
A. Programming standard violations
B. Referring a variable with an undefined value
C. Security vulnerabilities
D. All of the others

What is the main purpose of Informal review
A. Inexpensive way to get some benefit
B. Find defects
C. Learning, gaining understanding, effect finding
D. Discuss, make decisions, solve technical problems

Static analysis tools are typically used by
A. Testers
B. Developers
C. Testers & Developers
D. None of the others

Which of the following is a static test?
A. Code inspection
B. Coverage analysis
C. Usability assessment
D. Installation test

The Kick Off phase of a formal review includes the following:
A. Explaining the objective
B. Fixing defects found typically done by author
C. Follow up
D. Individual Meeting preparations

In a review meeting a moderator is a person who
A. Takes minutes of the meeting
B. Mediates between people
C. Takes telephone calls
D. Writes the documents to be reviewed

The person who leads the review of the documents), planning the review, running the meeting and follow-up after the meeting
A. Reviewer
B. Author
C. Moderator
D. Auditor

Which of the following statements is true of static analysis:
A. Compiling code is not a form of static analysis
B. Static analysis need not be performed before imperative code is executed
C. Static analysis can find faults that are hard to find with dynamic testing.
D. Extensive statistical analysis will not be needed if white- Box testing is to be performed.

Which rule should not be followed for reviews
A. Defects and issues are identified and corrected
B. The product is reviewed not the producer
C. All members of the reviewing team are responsible for the result of the review
D. Each review has a clear predefined objective

What can static analysis NOT find?
A. The use of a variable before it has been defined
B. Unreachable ("dead") code
C. Memory leaks
D. Array bound violations

Consider the following state transition diagram of a
switch. Which of the following represents an invalid state transition?
A. OFF to ON
B. ON to OFF
C. FAULT to ON

Use cases can be performed to test
A. Performance testing
B. Unit testing
C. Business scenarios
D. Static testing

What is the smallest number of test cases required to provide 100% branch coverage?

If(x>y) x=x+1;
else y=y+1;
while(x>y)
{
y=x*y;
x=x+1;
}
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
D. 4

The Switch is switched off once the temperature falls below 18 and then it is turned on when the temperature is more than 21. When the temperature is more than 21. Identify the Equivalance values which belong to the same class.
A. 12,16,22
B. 24,27,17
C. 22,23,24
D. 14,15, 19

A program with high cyclometic complexity is almost likely to be:
A. Large
B. Small
C. Difficult to write
D. Difficult to test

A wholesaler sells printer cartridges. The minimum order quantity is 5. There is a 20% discount for orders of 100 or more printer cartridges. You have been asked to prepare test cases using various values for the number of printer cartridges ordered. Which of the following groups contain three test inputs that would be generated using Boundary Value Analysis?
A. 5, 6, 20
B. 4, 5, 80
C. 4, 5, 99
D. 1, 20, 100

Expected results are:
A. Only important in system testing
B. Only used in component testing
C. Never specified in advance
D. Most useful when specified in advance
E. Derived from the code

What is the expected result for each of the following test cases?
(Pic 4_272)
A. Citibank card member, holding a Silver room
B. Non Citibank-member, holding a Platinum room
A. A - Don't offer any upgrade, B - Don't offer any upgrade
B. A - Offer upgrade to Silver, B - Offer upgrade to Silver
C. A - Don't offer any upgrade, B - Offer upgrade to Gold
D. A - Offer upgrade to Gold, B - Don't offer any upgrade

Boundary value analysis can only be used during white-box testing.
A. True
B. False

A program validates a numeric field as follows:
Values less than 10 are rejected, values between 10 and 21 are accepted, values greater than or equal to 22 are rejected. Which of the following input values cover all of the equivalence partitions?
A. 10,11,21
B. 3,20,21
C. 3,10,22
D. 10,21,22

FPA is used to
A. To measure the functional requirements of the project
B. To measure the size of the functionality of an Information system
C. To measure the functional testing effort
D. To measure the functional flow

Which of the following is NOT included in the Test Plan document of the Test Documentation Standard:
A. Test items (i.e. software versions)
B. What is not to be tested
C. Test environments
D. Quality plans
E. Schedules and deadlines

What determines the level of risk?
A. The cost of dealing with an adverse event if it occurs.
B. The probability that an adverse event will occur.
C. The amount of testing planned before release of a system.
D. The likelihood of an adverse event and the impact of the event.

Test Case are grouped into Manageable (and scheduled) units are called as
A. Test Harness
B. Test Suite
C. Test Cycle
D. Test Driver

Verification involves which of the following:
i. Helps to check the Quality of the built product
ii. Helps to check that we have built the right product
iii. Helps in developing the product
iv. Monitoring tool wastage and obsoleteness.
A. Options i, ii, iii, iv are true.
B. i is true and ii, iii, iv are false
C. i, iii are true and iv is false
D. ii is true and i, iii, iv are false

A project that is in the implementation phase is six weeks behind schedule. The delivery date for the product is four months away. The project is not allowed to slip the delivery date or compromise on the quality standards
established for his product. Which of the following actions would bring this project back on schedule?
A. Eliminate some of the requirements that have not yet been implemented
B. Add more engineers to the project to make up for lost work.
C. Ask the current developers to work overtime until the lost work is recovered.
D. Hire more software quality assurance personnel.

Handover of Testware is a part of which Phase
A. Test Analysis and Design
B. Test Planning and control
C. Test Closure Activities
D. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting

Which of the following is a purpose of the review planning phase?
A. Log defects.
B. Explain the documents to the participants
C. Gather metrics.
D. Allocate the individual roles.

The___and___are used within individual workbenches to produce the right output products.
A. Tools and techniques
B. Procedures and standards
C. Processes and walkthroughs
D. Reviews and update

Which of the following tools would you use to detect a memory leak?
A. State analysis
B. Coverage analysis
C. Dynamic analysis
D. Memory analysis

The vendor contractor to write the initial scripts
A. Measuring response time
B. Measuring transaction rates
C. Recovery testing
D. Simulating many users
E. Generating many transactions

Which tool will be used to test the flag memory leaks and unassigned pointers
A. Dynamic analysis tool
B. Static Analysis tool.
C. Maintenance tool.
D. Configuration tool.

What type of tools to be used for Regression Testing ?
A. (1) Performance
B. (2) Record/Playback
C. Both of (1) and (2)
D. None of (1) nor (2)

Unreachable code would best be found using:
A. Code reviews
B. Code inspections
C. A coverage tool
D. A test management tool
E. A static analysis tool

Which of the following tools would be involved in the automation of regression test?
A. Data tester
B. Boundary tester
C. Capture/Playback
D. Output comparator.

Capture and replay facilities are least likely to be used to ___
A. Performance testing
B. Recovery testing
C. GUI testing
D. User requirements.

Which of the following activities should be performed during the selection and implementation of a testing tool?
i) Investigate the organisation's test process.
ii) Conduct a proof of concept.
iii) Implement the selected tool on a project behind schedule to save time.
iv) Identify coaching and mentoring requirements for the use of the selected tool.
A. i, ii, iii
B. ii, iii, iv
C. i, iii, iv
D. i, ii, iv

When a new testing tool is purchased, it should be used first by:
A. A small team to establish the best way to use the tool
B. Everyone who may eventually have some use for the tool
C. The independent testing team
D. The vendor contractor to write the initial scripts

A tool that supports traceability, recording of incidents or scheduling of tests is called:
A. A dynamic analysis tool
B. A test execution tool
C. A debugging tool
D. A test management tool
E. A configuration management tool

A company recently purchased a commercial off-the-shelf application to automate their bill-paying process
They now plan to run an acceptance test against the package prior to putting it into production. Which of the following is their most likely reason for testing?
A. To build confidence in the application.
B. To detect bugs in the application.
C. To gather evidence for a lawsuit.
D. To train the users.

What is the difference between testing software developed by contractor outside your country, versus testing software developed by a contractor within your country?
A. Does not meet people needs
B. Cultural difference
C. Loss of control over reallocation of resources
D. Relinquishments of control

Defects are recorded into three major purposes. They are:
1. To correct the defect
2. To report status of the application
3. To improve the software develcoment process
A. True
B. False

IEEE 829 test plan documentation standard contains all of the following except:
A. Test items
B. Test deliverables
C. Test tasks
D. Test environment
E. Test specification

When should you stop testing?
A. When time for testing has run out.
B. When all planned tests have been run
C. When the test completion criteria have been met
D. When no faults have been found by the tests run

What is failure?
A. Deviation from expected result to actual result
B. Defect in the software
C. Error in the program code.
D. Fault in the system

Exhaustive testing is possible
A. True
B. False

When do you stop testing?
A. When the specified number of faults are found
B. When the test completion criteria are met.
C. When all high and medium priority tests are complete.
D. When all statements have been executed

Which of these are objectives for software testing?
A. Determine the productivity of programmers
B. Eliminate the need for future program maintenance
C. Eliminate every error prior to release
D. Uncover software errors

When reporting faults found to developers, testers should be:
A. As polite, constructive and helpful as possible
B. Firm about insisting that a bug is not a "feature" if it should be fixed
C. Diplomatic, sensitive to the way they may react to criticism
D. All of the others

Testing should be stopped when:
A. (i) All the defined tests have been executed
B. (ii) Time has run out
C. (iii) All faults have been fixed correctly
D. Both (i) and (iii)
E. It depends on the risks for the system being tested

A Project risk includes which of the following
A. Organizational Factors
B. Poor Software characteristics
C. Error Prone software delivered.
D. Software that does not perform its intended functions

Methodologies adopted while performing Maintenance Testing
A. Breadth Test and Depth Test
B. Re-testing
C. Confirmation Testing
D. Sanity Testing

Which of the following is true?
A. Component testing should be black box, system testing should be white box
B. If you find a lot of bugs in testing, you should not be very confident about the quality of software
C. The fewer bugs you find, the better your testing was
D. The more tests you run, the more bugs you will find.

Performs sufficient testing to evaluate every possible path and condition in the application system. The only test method that guarantees the proper functioning of the application system is called as___
A. Regression Testing
B. Exhaustive Testing
C. Basic Path Testing
D. Branch Testing

Failure is___
A. Incorrect program behaviour due to a fault in the program
B. Bug found before product Release
C. Bug found after product Release
D. Bug found during Design phase

Which of the following defines the expected results of a test?
A. Test case specification.
B. Test design specification.
C. Test procedure specification.
D. Test results.

Match every stage of the software Development Life cycle with the Testing Life cycle:
SDLC stages:
i. High level design
ii. Code
iii. Low level design
iv. Business requirements
Testing levels:
a. Unit tests
b. Acceptance tests
c. System tests
d. Integration tests
Options:
A. i d, ii a, iii c, iv b
B. i c, ii d, iii a, iv b
C. i b, ii a, iii d, iv c
D. i c, ii a, iii d, iv b

Beta testing is:
A. Performed by customers at their own site
B. Performed by customers at their software developer's site
C. Performed by an independent test team
D. Useful to test bespoke software
E. Performed as early as possible in the lifecycle

Which of the following is true about Formal Review or Inspection:
i) Led by Trained Moderator (not the author)
ii) No Pre Meeting Preparations
iii) Formal Follow up process
iv) Main Objective is to find defects
A. ii is true and i, iii, iv are false
B. i, iii, iv are true and ii is false
C. i, iii, iv are false and ii is true
D. iii is true and i, ii, iv are false

A person who documents all the issues, problems and open points that were identified during a formal review
A. Moderator
B. Scribe
C. Author
D. Manager

Reviewing the test Basis is a part of which phase
A. Test Analysis and Design
B. Test Implementation and execution
C. Test Closure Activities
D. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting

Who is responsible for document all the issues, problems and open point that were identified during the review meeting
A. Moderator
B. Scribe
C. Reviewers
D. Author

A formal assessment of a work product conducted by one or more qualified independent reviewer to detect defects.
A. Inspection
B. Walkthrough
C. Review
D. Non Conformance

Which of the following is a Key Characteristics of Walk Through
A. Scenario, Dry Run, Peer Group
B. Pre Meeting Preparations
C. Formal Follow Up Process
D. Includes Metrics

Link Testing is also called as
A. Component Integration testing
B. Component System Testing
C. Component Sub System Testing
D. Maintenance testing

Which of the following techniques is NOT a black box technique?
A. State transition testing
B. LCSAJ (Linear Code Sequence and Jump)
C. Syntax testing
D. Boundary value analysis

Which of the following is the odd one out?
A. White box testing
B. Glass box testing
C. Clear box testing
D. Black box testing
E. Transparent box testing
F. Structural testing

Code Coverage is used as a measure of what?
A. Defects
B. Trends analysis
C. Test Effectiveness
D. Time Spent Testing

A white box testing technique that measures the number of or percentage of decision directions executed by the test case designed is called
A. Condition coverage
B. Decision/Condition coverage
C. Decision Coverage
D. Branch coverage

Which of the following would you NOT usually find on a software incident report?
A. The name and/or organisational position of the person raising the problem.
B. Version of the Software Under Test.
C. Suggestions as to how to fix the problem.
D. Actual and expected results.

Given the following fragment of code, how many tests are required for 100% decision coverage?

if width > length then

biggest_dimension = width

if height > width then

biggest_dimension = height

end_if

else

biggest_dimension = length

if height > length then

biggest_dimension = height

end_if

end_if

A. 3

B. 4

C. 2

D. 1


Acceptance test cases are based on what?
A. Requirements
B. Design
C. Code
D. Decision table

Cyclomatic Complexity method comes under which testing method
A. White box
B. Black box
C. Green box
D. Yellow box

Testware(test cases, test dataset)
A. Needs configuration management just like requirements, design and code
B. Should be newly constructed for each new version of the software
C. Is needed only until the software is released into production or use
D. Does not need to be documented and commented, as it does not form part of the released software system

Measurement dysfunction is a problem because:
A. Even though the numbers you look at appear better, to achieve these numbers, people are doing other aspects of their work much less well.
B. We don't know how to measure a variable (our measurement is dysfunctional) and so we don't know how to interpret the result.
C. You are measuring the wrong thing and thus reaching the wrong conclusions.
D. All of the others

Which of the following is a MAJOR task of test planning?
A. Scheduling test analysis and design tasks.
B. Initiating corrective actions.
C. Monitoring progress and test coverage.
D. Measuring and analyzing results.

When should configuration management procedures be implemented?
A. During test planning.
B. During test analysis.
C. During test execution.
D. When evaluating exit criteria

With thorough testing it is possible to remove all defects from a program prior to delivery to the customer.
A. True
B. False

Test managers should not:
A. Report on deviations from the project plan
B. Sign the system off for release
C. Re-allocate resource to meet original plans
D. Rise incidents on faults that they have found
E. Provide information for risk analysis and quality improvement

A___is the step-by-step method followed to ensure that standards are met
A. SDLC
B. Project Plan
C. Policy
D. Procedure

The principal attributes of tools and automation are (choose one answer)
A. (1) Speed & efficiency
B. (2) Accuracy & precision
C. Both of (1) and (2)
D. None of (1) nor (2)

Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of User Acceptance Testing?
A. Use of automated test execution tools
B. Testing performed by users.
C. Testing against acceptance test criteria
D. Integration of system with user documentation.

The Provision and Management of a controlled library containing all the configurations items is called as
A. Configuration Control
B. Status Accounting
C. Configuration Identification

The place to start if you want a (new) test tool is:
A. Attend a tool exhibition
B. Invite a vendor to give a demo
C. Analyze your needs and requirements
D. Find out what your budget would be for the tool
E. Search the internet

Which of the following benefits are MOST likely to be achieved by using test tools?
i) Easy to access information about tests and testing.
ii) Reduced maintenance of testware.
iii) Easy and cheap to implement.
iv) Greater consistency of tests.
A. ii and iv
B. ii and iii
C. i and iv
D. i and iii

Which one of the following is MOST likely to be a benefit of using test execution tools?
A. It is easy to create regression tests
B. It is easy to maintain version control of test assets
C. It is easy to run regression tests
D. It is easy to design tests for security testing

Which of the statements below is the best assessment of how the test principles apply across the test life cycle?
A. Test principles only affect the preparation for testing.
B. Test principles only affect test execution activities.
C. Test principles affect the early test activities such as review.
D. Test principles affect activities throughout the test life cycle.

Bug life cycle
A. Open, Assigned, Fixed, Closed
B. Open, Fixed, Assigned, Closed
C. Assigned, Open, Closed, Fixed
D. Assigned, Open, Fixed, Closed

Which, in general, is the least required skill of a good tester?
A. Being diplomatic
B. Able to write software
C. Having good attention to detail
D. Able to be relied on

Contract and regulation testing is a part of
A. System testing
B. Acceptance testing
C. Integration testing
D. Smoke testing

Which is the best definition of complete testing:
A. You have discovered every bug in the program.
B. You have tested every statement, branch, and combination of branches in the program.
C. You have completed every test in the test plan.
D. You have reached the scheduled ship date.
C. You have completed every test in the test plan.

Increasing the quality of the software, by better development methods, will affect the time needed for testing (the test phases) by:
A. Reducing test time
B. No change
C. Increasing test time
D. Can't say
A. Reducing test time

When to stop Testing?
A. Stop when scheduled time for testing expires
B. Stop if 75% of the pre-defined number of errors is detected.
C. Stop when all the test cases execute with detecting few errors.
D. None of the others
A. Stop when scheduled time for testing expires

What is the purpose of exit criteria?
A. To define when a test level is complete.
B. To determine when a test has completed.
C. To identify when a software system should be retired.
D. To determine whether a test has passed.
A. To define when a test level is complete.

Repeated Testing of an already tested program, after modification, to discover any defects introduced or uncovered as a result of the changes in the software being tested or in another related or unrelated software
component:
A. Re Testing
B. Confirmation Testing
C. Regression Testing
D. Negative Testing
C. Regression Testing

The selection of a test approach should consider the context:
i. Risk of Failure of the Project, hazards to the product and risks of product failure to humans
ii. Skills and experience of the people in the proposed technique, tools and methods
iii. The objective of the testing endeavor and the mission of the testing team.
iv. The size of the testing Team
Options:
A. i, ii, iii, iv are true
B. i, ii, iii are true and iv is false
C. ii, iii, iv are true and i is false
D. i, iv are true and ii, iii are false
B. i, ii, iii are true and iv is false

When a defect is detected and fixed then the software should be retested to confirm that the original defect has been successfully removed. This is called
A. Regression testing
B. Maintenance testing
C. Confirmation testing
D. None of the above
C. Confirmation testing

The specification which describes steps required to operate the system and exercise test cases in order to implement the associated test design
A. Test Case Specification
B. Test Design Specification
C. Test Procedure Specification
D. None of the others
C. Test Procedure Specification

Component Testing is also called as
i) Unit Testing
ii) Program Testing
iii) Module Testing
iv) System Component Testing
A. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
B. i,ii,iii,iv are false
C. i,ii,iv are true and iii is false
D. All of them are true
A. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false

Drivers are also known as:
i. Spade
ii. Test harness
iii. Scaffolding
A. i, ii are true and iii is false
B. i, iii are true and ii is false
C. ii, iii are true and i is false
D. All of i, ii and iii are true
C. ii, iii are true and i is false

Regression testing should be performed:
i. Every week
ii. After the software has changed
iii. As often as possible
iv. When the environment has changed
v. When the project manager says
A. i & ii are true, iii, iv & v are false
B. ii, iii & iv are true, i & v are false
C. ii & iv are true, i, iii & v are false
D. ii is true, i, iii, iv & v are false
C. ii & iv are true, i, iii & v are false

Which of the following is a MAJOR task of test implementation and execution?
A. Measuring and analyzing results.
B. Reporting discrepancies as incidents.
C. Identifying test conditions or test requirements.
D. Assessing if more tests are needed.
B. Reporting discrepancies as incidents.

Find the correct flow of the phases of a formal review
A. Planning, Review meeting, Rework, Kick off
B. Planning, Individual preparation, Kick off, Rework
C. Planning, Review meeting, Rework, Follow up
D. Planning, Individual preparation, Follow up, Kick off
C. Planning, Review meeting, Rework, Follow up

Which of the following is not a static testing technique?
A. Error guessing
B. Walkthrough
C. Data flow analysis
D. Inspections
A. Error guessing

Who are the persons involved in a Formal Review
i) Manager
ii) Moderator
iii) Scribe / Recorder
iv) Assistant Manager
A. i, ii, iii, iv are true
B. i, ii, iii are true and iv is false
C. ii, iii, iv are true and i is false
D. i, iv are true and ii, iii are false
B. i, ii, iii are true and iv is false

Which expression best matches the following characteristics or review processes:
1. Led by author
2. Undocumented
3. No management participation
4. Led by a trained moderator or leader
5. Uses entry exit criteria
s) Inspection
t) Peer review
u) Informal review
v) Walkthrough
A. s = 4, t = 3, u = 2 and 5, v = 1
B. s = 4 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 1
C. s = 1 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 4
D. s = 5, t = 4, u = 3, v = 1 and 2
E. s = 4 and 5, t = 1, u = 2, v = 3
B. s = 4 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 1

People who don't participate in technical reviews
A. Analysts
B. Management
C. Developers
D. Testers
B. Management

Test Conditions are derived from:
A. Specifications
B. Test Cases
C. Test Data
D. Test Design
A. Specifications

'X' has given a data on a person age, which should be between 1 to 99. Using BVA which is the appropriate one
A. 0,1,2,99
B. 1, 99, 100, 98
C. 0, 1, 99, 100
D. -1, 0, 1, 99
C. 0, 1, 99, 100

Which of the following is a black box design technique?
A. Statement testing
B. Equivalence partitioning
C. Error- guessing
D. Usability testing
B. Equivalence partitioning

A program validates a numeric field as follows:
Values less than 10 are rejected, values between 10 and 21 are accepted, values greater than or equal to 22 are rejected. Which of the following covers the MOST boundary values?
A. 9,10,11,22
B. 9,10,21,22
C. 10,11,21,22
D. 10,11,20,21
B. 9,10,21,22

Which of the following statements regarding static testing is false
A. Static testing requires the running of tests through the code
B. Static testing includes desk checking
C. Static testing includes techniques such as reviews and inspections
D. Static testing can give measurements such as cyclomatic complexity
A. Static testing requires the running of tests through the code

Which of the following combinations correctly describes a valid approach to component testing:
i) Functional testing of the component in isolation.
ii) Structure based testing of the code without recording incidents.
iii) Automated tests that are run until the component passes.
iv) Functional testing of the interfaces between modules.
A. i and ii.
B. I, ii and iii
C. iii.
D. ii and iv
B. I, ii and iii

Incorrect form of Logic coverage is:
A. Statement Coverage
B. Pole Coverage
C. Condition Coverage
D. Path Coverage
B. Pole Cover

A Type of functional Testing, which investigates the functions relating to detection of threats, such as virus from malicious outsiders
A. Security Testing
B. Recovery Testing
C. Performance Testing
D. Functionality Testing
A. Security Testing

Which of the following is MOST characteristic of specification based (black-box) techniques?
A. Test cases can be easily automated.
B. Test cases are independent of each other.
C. Test cases are derived systematically from models of the system.
D. Test cases are derived systematically from the delivered code.
C. Test cases are derived systematically from models of the system.

What is an equivalence partition (also known as an equivalence class)?
A. A set of test cases for testing classes of objects
B. An input or output range of values such that only one value in the range becomes a test case
C. An input or output range of values such that each value in the range becomes a test case
D. An input or output range of values such that every tenth value in the range becomes a test case.
B. An input or output range of values such that only one value in the range becomes a test case

What is the main reason for testing software before releasing it?
A. To show that system will work after release
B. To decide when the software is of sufficient quality to release
C. To find as many bugs as possible before release
D. To give information for a risk based decision about release
D. To give information for a risk based decision about release

Which of the following is not included in Test Plan.
A. Features to be tested.
B. Environmental needs.
C. Suspension criteria.
D. Expected results.
D. Expected results.

The inputs for developing a test plan are taken from
A. Project plan
B. Business plan
C. Support plan
D. None of the others
A. Project plan

One Key reason why developers have difficulty testing their own work is
A. Lack of technical documentation
B. Lack of test tools on the market for developers
C. Lack of training
D. Lack of Objectivity
D. Lack of Objectivity

Find the mismatch
A. Test data preparation tools - Manipulate Data bases
B. Test design tools - Generate test inputs
C. Requirement management tools - Enables individual tests to be traceable
D. Configuration management tools - Check for consistence
D. Configuration management tools - Check for consistence

Which is the non-functional testing
A. Performance testing
B. Unit testing
C. Regression testing
D. Sanity testing
A. Performance testing

Which is not the software characteristics
A. Reliability
B. Usability
C. Development cost
D. Maintainability
C. Development cost

A piece of software has been given _______ what tests in the following will you perform?
1) Test the area's most critical to business processes
2) Test the areas where faults will be maximum
3) Test the easiest functionalities
A. 1 & 2 are true and 3 is false
B. 1, 2 & 3 are true
C. 1 is true, 2 & 3 are false
D. 1 & 2 are false, 3 is true
A. 1 & 2 are true and 3 is false

Important consequences of the impossibility of complete testing are:
A. We can never be certain that the program is bug free.
B. We have no definite stopping point for testing, which makes it easier for some managers to argue for very little testing,
C. We have no easy answer for what testing tasks should always be required, because every task takes time that could be spent on other high importance tasks.
D. All of the others.
D. All of the others.

System testing should investigate
A. Non-functional requirements only not Functional requirements
B. Functional requirements only not non-functional requirements
C. Non-functional requirements and Functional requirements
D. Non-functional requirements or Functional requirements
C. Non-functional requirements and Functional requirements

Designing the test environment set-up and identifying any required infrastructure and tools are a part of which phase
A. Test Implementation and execution
B. Test Analysis and Design
C. Evaluating the Exit Criteria and reporting
D. Test Closure Activities
B. Test Analysis and Design

For software to be reliable it must:
A. Be easy to maintain.
B. Be unlikely to cause a failure.
C. Never fail under any circumstances.
D. Be written according to coding standards
B. Be unlikely to cause a failure.

Which of the following is correct?
A. Impact analysis assesses the effect on the system of a defect found in regression testing.
B. Impact analysis assesses the effect of a new person joining the regression test team.
C. Impact analysis assesses whether or not a defect found in regression testing has been fixed correctly.
D. Impact analysis assesses the effect of a change to the system to determine how much regression testing to do.
D. Impact analysis assesses the effect of a change to the system to determine how much regression testing to do.

Test Implementation and execution has which of the following major tasks?
i. Developing and prioritizing test cases, creating test data, writing test procedures and optionally preparing the test harnesses and writing automated test scripts.
ii. Creating the test suite from the test cases for efficient test execution.
iii. Verifying that the test environment has been set up correctly.
iv. Determining the exit criteria.
A. i, ii, iii are true and iv is false
B. i, ii, iv are true and iii is false
C. i, iii are true and iii, iv are false
D. ii, iii, iv are true and i is false
A. i, ii, iii are true and iv is false

Testing wherein we subject the target of the test, to varying workloads to measure and evaluate the performance behaviors and ability of the target and of the test to continue to function properly under these different workloads.
A. Load Testing
B. Integration Testing
C. System Testing
D. Usability Testing
A. Load Testing

During the software development process, at what point can the test process start?
A. When the code is complete.
B. When the design is complete
C. When the software requirements have been approved.
D. When the first code module is ready for unit testing
C. When the software requirements have been approved.

The Phases of formal review process is mentioned below arrange them in the correct order.
i) Planning
ii) Review Meeting
iii) Rework
iv) Individual Preparations
v) Kick Off
vi) Follow Up
A. i, ii, iii, iv, v, vi
B. vi, i, ii, iii, iv, v
C. i, v, iv, ii, iii, vi
D. i, ii, iii, v, iv, vi
C. i, v, iv, ii, iii, vi

Success Factors for a review include:
i. Each Review does not have a predefined objective
ii. Defects found are welcomed and expressed objectively
iii. Management supports a good review process
iv. There is an emphasis on learning and process improvement.
A. i, iii, iv are correct and i is incorrect
B. iii, i, iv is correct and ii is incorrect
C. i, iii, iv, ii is correct
D. ii is correct
A. i, iii, iv are correct and i is incorrect

Which expression best matches the following characteristics of review processes:
Led by author
Undocumented
No management participation
Led by a trained moderator or leader
Uses entry/exit criteria
s) Inspection
t) Peer review
u) Informal review
v) Walkthrough
A. s = 4, t = 3, u = 2, v = 1
B. s = 4 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 1
C. s = 1 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 4
D. s = 5, t = 4, u = 3, v = 1 and 2
E. s = 4 and 5, t = 1, u = 2, v = 3
B. s = 4 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 1

Inspections can find all the following except
A. Variables not defined in the code
B. Spelling and grammar faults in the documents
C. Requirements that have been omitted from the design documents
D. How much of the code has been covered
D. How much of the code has been covered

The number of tests to test all control statements equals the cyclomatic complexity
A. True
B. False
A. True

Order numbers on a stock control system can range between 10000 and 99999 inclusive. Which of the following inputs might be a result of designing tests for only valid equivalence classes and valid boundaries:
A. 1000, 5000, 99999
B. 9999, 50000, 100000
C. 10000, 50000, 99999
D. 10000, 99999
E. 9999, 10000, 50000, 99999, 10000
C. 10000, 50000, 99999

The tool modifies the program code or manipulates the operating environment in any way is considered non-invasive
A. True
B. False
B. False

Match the following terms and statements:
Terms:
Decision Table Testing
Decision Testing
State Transition Testing
Exploratory Testing
Statements:
W. Testing carried out without boxes to achieve specific test objectives, possibly to complement structured testing.
X. A test technique used which may be used to verify different system behavior depending on current conditions or previous history.
Y. A test technique which combines combinations of inputs that might not otherwise have been exercised during testing.
Z. A form of control flow testing based on decision outcomes.
A. 1Y, 2Z, 3X, 4W
B. 1X, 2W, 3Z, 4Y
C. 1Z, 2X, 3W, 4Y
D. 1Z, 2Y, 3X, 4W
A. 1Y, 2Z, 3X, 4W

Which of the following is NOT a type of non-functional test?
A. State-Transition
B. Usability
C. Performance
D. Security
A. State-Transition

The principle of Cyclomatic complexity, considering L as edges or links, N as nodes, P as independent paths
A. L-N +2P
B. N-L +2P
C. N-L +P
D. N-L +P
A. L-N +2P

Which activities form part of test planning?
i. Developing test cases
ii. Defining the overall approach to testing
iii. Assigning resources
iv. Building the test environment
v. Writing test conditions
A. i, ii & iv are true; iii & v are false.
B. ii & iii are true; i, iv & v are false.
C. iv & v are true; i, ii & iii are false.
D. i, ii & iii are true; iv & v are false.
B. ii & iii are true; i, iv & v are false.

Which of the following is NOT part of configuration management:
A. Status accounting of configuration items
B. Auditing conformance to ISO9001
C. Identification of test versions
D. Record of changes to documentation over time
E. Controlled library access
B. Auditing conformance to ISO9001

Which of the following helps in monitoring the Test Progress:
i. Percentage of Test Case Execution
ii. Percentage of work done in test environment preparation
iii. Defect Information (e.g. defect density, defects found and fixed)
iv. The size of the testing Team and skills of the engineers
A. iv is correct and i, ii, iii are incorrect
B. i, iii are correct and iv is incorrect
C. i, ii are correct and iii, iv are incorrect
D. i, iv are correct and ii, iii are incorrect
B. i, iii are correct and iv is incorrect

Impact Analysis helps to decide:
A. How much regression testing should be done.
B. Exit Criteria
C. How many more test cases need to written
D. Different Tools to perform Regression Testing
A. How much regression testing should be done.

Some tools are geared more for developer use. For the 5 tools listed, which statement BEST details those for developers.
i. Performance testing tools
ii. Coverage measurement tools
iii. Test comparators
iv. Dynamic analysis tools
v. Incident management tools
A. i, iii, and iv are more for developers.
B. ii and iv are more for developers.
C. ii, iii, and iv are more for developers.
D. ii and iii are more for developers.
B. ii and iv are more for developers.

Which activity in the fundamental test process creates test suites for efficient test execution?
A. Implementation and execution.
B. Planning and control.
C. Analysis and design.
D. Test closure
A. Implementation and execution.

Which of the following activities should be performed during the selection and implementation of a testing tool?
i. Investigate the organisation's test process.
ii. Conduct a proof of concept.
iii. Implement the selected tool on a project behind schedule to save time.
iv. Identify coaching and mentoring requirements for the use of the selected tool.
A. i, ii, iii
B. ii, iii, iv
C. i, iii, iv
D. i, ii, iv
D. i, ii, iv

Tool which stores requirement statements, check for consistency and allow requirements to be prioritized and
enable individual tests to be traceable to requirements, functions and features.
A. Incident management tools
B. Requirements management tools
C. Configuration management tools
D. None of the others
B. Requirements management tools

Which of the following benefits are MOST likely to be achieved by using test tools?
i. Easy to access information about tests and testing.
ii. Reduced maintenance of testware.
iii. Easy and cheap to implement.
iv. Greater consistency of tests.
Options:
A. ii and iv
B. ii and iii
C. i and iv
D. i and iii
C. i and iv

With which of the following categories is a test comparator tool USUALLY associated?
A. Tool support for performance and monitoring.
B. Tool support for static testing.
C. Tool support for test execution and logging.
D. Tool support for the management of testing and tests.
C. Tool support for test execution and logging.

What is the important criterion in deciding what testing technique to use?
A. How well you know a particular technique
B. The objective of the test
C. How appropriate the technique is for testing the application
D. Whether there is a tool to support the technique
B. The objective of the test

What is the purpose of test completion criteria in a test plan:
A. To know when a specific test has finished its execution
B. To ensure that the test case specification is complete
C. To set the criteria used in generating test inputs
D. To know when test planning is complete
E. To plan when to stop testing
E. To plan when to stop testing

When what is visible to end-users is a deviation from the specific or expected behavior, this is called:
A. An error
B. A fault
C. A failure
D. A defect
E. A mistake
C. A failure

A field failure occurs when multiple users access a system. Which of the following is true?
A. This is an acceptable risk of a multi-user system.
B. Insufficient functional testing has been performed
C. This indicates an important non-functional requirement was not specified and tested.
D. It is not possible to test against such events prior to release.
C. This indicates an important non-functional requirement was not specified and tested.

Which of the following statements are true?
A. Faults in program specifications are the most expensive to fix
B. Faults in code are the most expensive to fix.
C. Faults in requirements are the most expensive to fix
D. Faults in designs are the most expensive to fix.
C. Faults in requirements are the most expensive to fix

Which of the following will be the best definition for Testing
A. The goal / purpose of testing is to demonstrate that the program works.
B. The purpose of testing is to demonstrate that the program is defect free.
C. The purpose of testing is to demonstrate that the program does what it is supposed to do
D. Testing is executing Software for the purpose of finding defects.
D. Testing is executing Software for the purpose of finding defects.

In a risk-based approach the risks identified may be used to
i. Determine the test technique to be employed
ii. Determine the extent of testing to be carried out
iii. Prioritize testing in an attempt to find critical defects as early as possible
iv. Determine the cost of the project
Options:
A. ii is True; i, iii, iv are False
B. i, ii, iii are true and iv is false
C. ii & iii are True; i, iv are False
D. ii, iii & iv are True; i is false
B. i, ii, iii are true and iv is false

The software engineer's role in tool selection is
A. To identify, evaluate, and rank tools, and recommend tools to management
B. To determine what kind of tool is needed, then find it and buy it
C. To initiate the tool search and present a case to management
D. To identify, evaluate and select the tools
A. To identify, evaluate, and rank tools, and recommend tools to management

Amount of testing performed will not depend on
A. Risks involved
B. Contractual requirements
C. Legal requirements
D. Test data.
D. Test data.

Who would USUALLY perform debugging activities?
A. Developers.
B. Analysts.
C. Testers.
D. Incident Managers.
A. Developers.

Which is not the project risks
A. Supplier issues
B. Organization factors
C. Technical issues
D. Error-prone software delivered
D. Error-prone software delivered

Which of the following BEST describes the difference between an inspection and a walkthrough?
A.Both inspections and walkthroughs are led by the author.
B.An inspection is led by a moderator and a walkthrough is led by the author.
C.Both inspections and walkthroughs are led by a trained moderator.
D. A walkthrough is led by the author. The author is not present during inspections.
B.An inspection is led by a moderator and a walkthrough is led by the author.

Peer Reviews are also called as :
A. Inspection
B. Walkthrough
C. Technical Review
D. Formal Review
C. Technical Review

Testing without a real plan and test cases is called ___ (choose one answer)
A. Gorilla testing
B. Monkey testing
C. Adhoc testing
D. All of the others
C. Adhoc testing

Which of the following is the main purpose of the integration strategy for integration testing in the small?
A.
To ensure that all of the small modules are tested adequately
B.
To ensure that the system interfaces to other systems and networks
C.
To specify which modules to combine when and how many at once
D.
To ensure that the integration testing can be performed by a small team
E. To specify how the software should be divided into modules
C.
To specify which modules to combine when and how many at once

If the pseudo code below were a programming language, how many tests are required to achieve 100% statement coverage?
1. If x = 3 then
2. Display_messageX;
3. If y = 2 then
4. Display_messageY;
5. Else
6. Display_messageZ;
7. Else
8. Display_messageZ;
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
D. 4
C. 3

Given the following code, which is true:
IF A > B THEN
C = A - B
ELSE
C = A + B
ENDIF
Read D
IF C = D Then
Print "Error"
ENDIF
A. 1 test for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage
B. 2 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
C. 2 tests for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage
D. 3 tests for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage
E. 3 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
D. 3 tests for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage

One of the fields on a form contains a text box, which accepts alphabets in lower or upper case. Identify the invalid Equivalence class value.
A. CLASS
B. cLASS
C. CLass
D. CLa01ss
D. CLa01ss

Typical defects that are easier to find in reviews than in dynamic testing are (choose one answer):
A. Deviations from standards,
B. Requirement defects,
C. Design defects,
D. Insufficient maintainability and incorrect interface specifications.
E. All of the others.
E. All of the others.

Given the following decision table:
Which of the following test cases and expected results is VALID? (Pic 4_21)
A. 23 year old in insurance class A - Premium is 90 and excess is 2 500.
B. 31 year old in insurance class B - Premium is 90 and excess is 2 500.
C. 51 year old in insurance class C - Premium is 70 and excess is 500.
D. 43 year old in insurance class C - Premium is 70 and excess is 1 000.
A. 23 year old in insurance class A - Premium is 90 and excess is 2 500.

Fault Masking is
A. Error condition hiding another error condition
B. Creating a test case which does not reveal a fault
C. Masking a fault by developer
D. Masking a fault by a tester
A. Error condition hiding another error condition

Which is not the testing objectives
A. Finding defects
B. Gaining confidence about the level of quality and providing information
C. Preventing defects.
D. Debugging defects
D. Debugging defects

Software quality is not relevant to _
A. Correctness
B. Usability
C. Viability
D. Reusability
C. Viability

Which of the following is a type of non-functional testing?
A. Usability testing
B. Statement Coverage.
C. Dataflow testing.
D. Cause-effect graphing
A. Usability testing

Defects discovered by static analysis tools include:
i. Variables that are never used.
ii. Security vulnerabilities.
iii. Programming standard violations.
iv. Uncalled functions and procedures.
A. i, ii, iii, iv are correct
B. iii is correct; i, ii, iv are incorrect
C. i, ii, iii and iv are incorrect
D. ii, iii are correct
A. i, ii, iii, iv are correct

_______ indicates how important it is to fix the bug and when it should be fixed. (choose one answer)
A. (i) Severity
B. (ii) Priority
C. Both of (i) and (ii)
D. None of (i) nor (ii)
C. Both of (i) and (ii)

PDCA is known as
A. Plan, Do, Check, Act
B. Plan, Do, Correct, Act
C. Plan, Debug, Check, Act
D. Plan, Do, Check, Accept
A. Plan, Do, Check, Act

There are several risks of managing your project's schedule with a statistical reliability model. These include:
A. Testers spend more energy early in the product trying to find bugs than preparing to do the rest of the project's work more efficiently
B. Managers might not realize that the testing effort is ineffective, late in the project, because they expect a low rate of bug finding, so the low rate achieved doesn't alarm them.
C. It can increase the end-of-project pressure on testers to not find bugs, or to not report bugs.
D.All of the others
D.All of the others

Which testing is used to verify that the system can perform properly when internal program or system limitations have been exceeded
A. Stress Testing
B. Load Testing
C. Performance Testing
D. Volume testing
A. Stress Testing

A reliable system will be one that:
A. Is unlikely to be completed on schedule
B. Is unlikely to cause a failure
C. Is likely to be fault-free
D. Is likely to be liked by the users
B. Is unlikely to cause a failure

Testing does not help to ___
A. Find faults
B. Assure quality
C. Check user friendliness.
D. Improve software accuracy
C. Check user friendliness.

CAST stands for
A. Computer Aided Software Testing
B. Computer Aided Software Tools
C. Computer Analysis Software Techniques
D.
None of the others
A. Computer Aided Software Testing

Which of the following has highest level of independence in which test cases are:
A. Designed by persons who write the software under test
Designed by a person from a different section
C. Designed by a person from a different organization
D.
Designed by another person
C. Designed by a person from a different organization

In which order should tests be run?
A. The most important tests first
B. The most difficult tests first(to allow maximum time for fixing)
C. The easiest tests first (to give initial confidence)
D. The order they are thought of
A. The most important tests first

Which of the following is MOST important in the selection of a test approach?
A. Availability of tools to support the proposed techniques.
B. The budget allowed for training in proposed techniques.
C. Available skills and experience in the proposed techniques.
D.The willingness of the test team to learn new techniques.
C. Available skills and experience in the proposed techniques.

Which of the following is not phase of the Fundamental Test Process?
A. Test Planning and Control
B. Test implementation and Execution
C. Requirement Analysis
D. Evaluating Exit criteria and reporting
C. Requirement Analysis

One of the following is not a part of white box testing as per BS7925-II standards.
A. Random testing
B. Data Flow testing.
C. Statement testing
D. Syntax testing
A. Random testing

Verification is:
A. Checking that we are building the right system
B. Checking that we are building the system right
C. Performed by an independent test team
D. Making sure that it is what the user really wants
B. Checking that we are building the system right

How much percentage of the life cycle costs of a software are spent on maintenance.
A. 10%
B. 30%
C. 50%
D. 70%
D. 70%

Cyclomatic complexity is used to calculate
A. Number of independent paths in the basis set of a program
B. Number of binary decisions + 1
C. Number bound for the number of tests that must be conducted to ensure that all
statements have been executed at least once
D. Number of branches and decisions
A. Number of independent paths in the basis set of a program

You have designed test cases to provide 100% statement and 100% decision coverage for the following fragment of code.
if width > length then
biggest_dimension = width
else
biggest_dimension = length
end_if
print "Biggest dimension is " & biggest_dimension
print "Width: " & width
print "Length: " & length
How many more test cases are required?
A. One more test case will be required for 100% decision coverage.
B. Two more test cases will be required for 100% statement coverage, one of which will be used to provide 100% decision coverage.
C. None, existing test cases can be used.
D. One more test case will be required for 100% statement coverage.
C. None, existing test cases can be used.

Which of the following is TRUE?
A. Confirmation testing is testing fixes to a set of defects and Regression testing is testing to establish whether any defects have been introduced as a result of changes.
B. Confirmation testing is testing to establish whether any defects have been introduced as a result of changes and Regression testing is testing fixes to a set of defects.
C. Confirmation testing and Regression testing are both testing to establish whether any defects have been
introduced as a result of changes.
D. Confirmation testing and Regression testing are both testing fixes to a set of defects.
A. Confirmation testing is testing fixes to a set of defects and Regression testing is testing to establish whether any defects have been introduced as a result of changes.

Given the following state transition table, which of the test cases below will cover the following series of state transitions?S1  S0  S1  S2  S0(Pic 4_1)

A. A, B, C

B. A, B, C, D

C. D, A, B

D. A, B, C

A. A, B, C


Match the following:
1. Test estimation
2. Test control
3. Test monitoring
a. Measures of tracking process
b. Effort required to perform activities
c. Reallocation of resources
A. 1-b, 2-c, 3-a
B. 1-b, 2-a, 3-c
C. 1 -c, 2-a, 3-b
D. 1-a, 2-b, 3-c
A. 1-b, 2-c, 3-a

Which of the following is least important in test management?
A. Estimating test duration.
B. Incident Management
C. Configuration Management.
D. De-bugging
D. De-bugging

A Test Plan Outline contains which of the following:
i. Test Items
ii. Test Scripts
iii. Test Deliverables
iv. Responsibilities
A. i, iii are true and iv is false
B. iii, iv are true and ii is false
C. iii, iv are true and i and ii are false
D. i, ii are false and iii, iv are true
B. iii, iv are true and ii is false

Pick the best definition of quality
A. Quality is job one
B. Zero defects
C. Conformance to requirements
D. Work as designed
C. Conformance to requirements

To test a function, the programmer has to write a___which calls the function to be tested and passes it test data.
A. Stub
B. Driver
C. Proxy
D. None of the others
B. Driver

A typical commercial test execution tool would be able to perform all of the following EXCEPT:
A. Generating expected outputs
B. Replaying inputs according to a programmed script
C. Comparison of expected outcomes with actual outcomes
D. Recording test inputs
E. Reading test values from a data file
A. Generating expected outputs

Which is not the fundamental test process
A. Planning and control
B. Test closure activities
C. Analysis and design
D. None of the others
D. None of the others

The Test Cases Derived from use cases
A. Are most useful in uncovering defects in the process flows during real world use of the system
B. Are most useful in uncovering defects in the process flows during the testing use of the system
C. Are most useful in covering the defects in the process flows during real world use of the system
D. Are most useful in covering the defects at the Integration Level
A. Are most useful in uncovering defects in the process flows during real world use of the system

Which of the following is NOT a main principle for tool selection?
A. Understanding of the technologies used by the competitors
B. Evaluation of tools against clear requirements and objective criteria
C. Estimation of a cost-benefit ratio
D. Assessment of the maturity of the organization
A. Understanding of the technologies used by the competitors

Poor software characteristics are
A. Only Project risks
B. Only Product risks
C. Project risks and Product risks
D. Project risks or Product risks
B. Only Product risks

The purpose of requirement phase is:
A. To freeze requirements
B. To understand user needs
C. To define the scope of testing
D. All of the others
D. All of the others

Which of the following statements best describes the difference between severity and priority in software
testing?
A. Severity refers to the importance of a defect to end-users, while priority refers to the impact on the
development team.
B. Severity represents the likelihood of a defect occurring, while priority determines the urgency of fixing a defect.
C. Severity refers to the impact of a defect on the system, while priority indicates the order in which defects should be fixed.
D. Severity indicates the importance of a requirement, while priority determines the criticality of a defect.
C. Severity refers to the impact of a defect on the system, while priority indicates the order in which defects should be fixed.

What type of tools to be used for Regression Testing?
A. (1) Performance
B. (2) Record/Playback
C. Both of (1) and (2)
D. None of (1) nor (2)
B. (2) Record/Playback

Which of the following is the standard for the Software product quality
A. ISO 9126
B. ISO 829
C. ISO 1012
D. ISO 1028
A. ISO 9126

According to the ISTQB Glossary, a risk relates to which of the following?
A. Negative feedback to the tester.
B. Negative consequences that will occur.
C. Negative consequences that could occur.
D. Negative consequences for the test object.
C. Negative consequences that could occur.

What is the MAIN objective when reviewing a software deliverable?
A. To identify potential application failures by use of a test specification.
B. To identify defects in any software work product.
C. To identify spelling mistakes in a requirements specification.
D. To identify standards inconsistencies in the code.
B. To identify defects in any software work product.

Which of the following is not the integration strategy?
A. Design based
B. Big-bang
C. Bottom-up
D. Top-down
A. Design based

If a candidate is given an exam of 40 questions, should get 25 marks to pass (61%) and should get 80% for distinction, what is equivalence class.
A. 23, 24, 25
B. 0, 12, 25
C. 30, 36, 39
D. 32,37,40
D. 32,37,40

___is a very early build intended for limited distribution to a few key customers and to marketing for demonstration purposes.
A. Alpha release
B. Beta release
C. Test release document
D. Build
B. Beta release

Maintenance releases and technical assistance centers are examples of which of the following costs of quality?
A. External failure
B. Internal failure
C. Appraisal
D. Prevention
A. External failure

Which of the following is a test type?
A. Component testing
B. Functional testing
C. System testing
D. Acceptance testing
B. Functional testing

A regression test:
A. Will always be automated
B. Will help ensure unchanged areas of the software have not been affected
C. Will help ensure changed areas of the software have not been affected
D. Can only be run during user acceptance testing
B. Will help ensure unchanged areas of the software have not been affected

Ensuring that test design starts during the requirements definition phase is important to enable which of the
following test objectives?
A. Preventing defects in the system.
B. Finding defects through dynamic testing.
C. Gaining confidence in the system.
D. Finishing the project on time.
A. Preventing defects in the system.

Drivers are tools used to control and operate the software
A. True
B. False
A. True

Which of the following is the component test standard?
A. IEEE 829
B. IEEE 610
C. BS7925-1
D. BS7925-2
D. BS7925-2

The structure of an incident report is covered in the Standard for Software Test Documentation IEEE 829 and
is called as:
A. Anomaly Report
B. Defect Report
C. Test Defect Report
D. Test Incident Report
D. Test Incident Report

Which is not a testing principle
A. Early testing
B. Defect clustering
C. Pesticide paradox
D. Exhaustive testing
D. Exhaustive testing

What is the MAIN benefit of designing tests early in the life cycle?
A. It is cheaper than designing tests during the test phases.
B. It helps prevent defects from being introduced into the code.
C. Tests designed early are more effective than tests designed later.
D. It saves time during the testing phases when testers are busy.
B. It helps prevent defects from being introduced into the code.

A common test technique during component test is
A. Statement and branch testing
B. Usability testing
C. Security testing
D. Performance testing
A. Statement and branch testing

Which of the following is a part of Test Closure Activities?
i. Checking which planned deliverables have been delivered
ii. Defect report analysis
iii. Finalizing and archiving testware
iv. Analyzing lessons
A. i, ii, iv are true and iii is false
B. i, ii, iii are true and iv is false
C. i, iii, iv are true and ii is false
D. All of them are true
C. i, iii, iv are true and ii is false

The process starting with the terminal modules is called:
A. Top-down integration
B. Bottom-up integration
C. None of the others
D. Module integration
B. Bottom-up integration

Which is not a black box testing technique
A. Equivalence partition
B. Decision tables
C. Transaction diagrams
D. Decision testing
D. Decision testing

Error guessing is best used
A. As the first approach to deriving test cases
B. After more formal techniques have been applied
C. By inexperienced testers
D. After the system has gone live
E. Only by end users
B. After more formal techniques have been applied

One person has been dominating the current software process improvement meeting. Which of the following
techniques should the facilitator use to bring other team members into the discussion?
A.Confront the person and ask that other team members be allowed to express their opinions.
B. Wait for the person to pause, acknowledge the person's opinion, and ask for someone else's opinion.
C. Switch the topic to an issue about which the person does not have a strong opinion.
D. Express an opinion that differs from the person's opinion in order to encourage others to express their
ideas.
B. Wait for the person to pause, acknowledge the person's opinion, and ask for someone else's opinion.

Which of the following types of defects is use case testing MOST LIKELY to uncover?
i) Defects in the process flows during real-world use of the system.
ii) Defects in the interface parameters in integration testing.
iii) Integration defects caused by the interaction and interference of different components.
iv) Defects in the system as it transitions between one state and another.
A. ii, iii
B. i, iii
C. iii, iv
D. i, ii
B. i, iii

A software model that can't be used in functional testing
A. Process flow model
B. State transaction model
C. Menu structure model
D. Plain language specification model
D. Plain language specification model

Given the following state transition diagram, which of the following series of state transitions contains an INVALID transition that may indicate a fault in the system design?
Options:
A. Login  Browse  Basket  Checkout  Basket  Logout
B. Login  Browse  Basket  Checkout  Pay  Logout
C. Login  Browse  Basket  Checkout  Basket  Checkout  Pay  Logout
D. Login  Browse  Basket  Browse  Basket  Checkout  Pay  Logout
A. Login  Browse  Basket  Checkout  Basket  Logout

Integration testing in the large involves:
A. Testing the system when combined with other systems.
B. Testing a sub system using stubs and drivers
C. Testing a system with a large number of users
D. Combing software components and testing them in one go.
A. Testing the system when combined with other systems.

Where may functional testing be performed?
A. At system and acceptance testing levels only.
B. At all test levels.
C. At all levels above integration testing.
D. At the acceptance testing level only.
B. At all test levels.


What is the KEY difference between preventative and reactive approaches to testing?
A. Preventative tests and reactive tests are designed as early as possible.
B. Preventative tests are designed early; reactive tests are designed after the software has been produced.
C. Preventative testing is always analytical; reactive testing is always heuristic.
D. Preventative tests are designed after the software has been produced; reactive tests are designed early in
response to review comments.
B. Preventative tests are designed early; reactive tests are designed after the software has been produced.

